Fix ClassCastException from CallbackAdapterInterceptor (#6462)
apache/skywalking: CHANGES.md

* Enhance gRPC log appender to allow layout pattern.
* Fix apm-dubbo-2.7.x-plugin memory leak due to some Dubbo RpcExceptions.
* Fix lettuce-5.x-plugin get null host in redis sentinel mode.

> * Fix ClassCastException from CallbackAdapterInterceptor to EnhancedInstance
>   with spring-kafka.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix ClassCastException by making CallbackAdapterInterceptor to implement EnhancedInstance interface in the spring-kafka plugin.
```
